duck the great western engine puffed
sadly to Edwards station it's not fair
he complained diesel has been telling
lies about me and made Sir Topham hat
and all the engines think I'm horrid
Edward smiled I know you aren't and so
does Sir Topham Hatt you wait and see
why don't you help me with these cars
duck felt happier with Edward set to
work at once
the cars were silly heavy noisy the two
engines had to work hard pushing and
pulling all afternoon last they reached
the top of the hill goodbye
whistled duck rolled gently over the
crossing to the other line
duck loves coasting down the hill
running easily with the wind whistling
past suddenly it was a conductors
warning whistle hurrah hurrah hurrah
laughed the cars we've broken away we've
broken away chasin pump him weld him off
the rail to the yell hurry doc hurry
said the driver they raced through
Edwards station but the cars were
catching up as fast as we can then
they'll catch us gradually the driver
was gaining control another clear mile
and we'll do it
Oh Laurie look at that James was just
pulling out on their line from the
station ahead any minute there could be
a crack it's up to you now doc cried the
driver duck put every ounce of weight
and steam against the car it's too late
duck groan he veered into a siding where
a barber had set up shop he was shaving
a customer
the silly cars had knocked their
conductor off his van and left him far
behind after he had whistled the warning
but the cars didn't care they were
feeling very pleased with themselves beg
pardon sir gasp duck excuse my intrusion
no I won't said the barber you'll
frighten my customers I'll teach you and
the lather duck's face all over poor
duck
Thomas was helping to pull the cause
away when Sir Topham Hatt arrived I do
not like engines popping through my
walls
Jim the bomber I appreciate your
feelings said Sir Topham Hatt but you
must know that this engine and his crew
have prevented a serious accident it was
a very close shave Oh said the barber oh
oh excuse me he filled a basin of water
to wash duck's face I'm sorry I didn't
know you of being a brave engine that's
all right sir I didn't know that either
you were very brave indeed said Sir
Topham Hatt
I'm proud of you Sir Topham Hatt watched
the rescue operation then he had more
news for duck and when you are properly
washed mended you are coming home home
sir do you mean the yard
of course but sir they don't like me
they like diesel not now I never
believed diesel so I sent him packing
the engines are sorry wants you back a
few days later when he came home there
was a really rousing welcome for Duc a
great western engine